DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
Get off!
- Move it!
- Line up!
Hurry!
Here's the file.
- Okay, Sir.
- Yes.
BIODATA: MURDER SUSPECT
CIKA RUSIANTY
A murder suspect.
BIODATA: DRUG SUSPECT
WENNY SEPTYANI
A drug suspect.
Move!
RATU ADIL PRISON
Welcome to your new home.
The new prisoners are here.
What are you looking at?!
Come here.
All of you…
You are outcasts.
Social outcasts!
From now on,
you'll be living here.
We have rules that you must obey.
If you obey them,
you'll be fine.
I hope you'll be fine.
Got it?
- Warden, hand them the inmate supplies.
- Yes, Sir.
Farhan, put them in their cells.
On it, Sir!
Take them!
Make yourself at home.
That's how Ms. Imah is.
She's a bit insane.
You'll get used to it.
I'm Yanti.
Wenny.
Go ahead.
Mr. Herman calls this place home.
It is indeed a home…
But it's a home where the hopes
of people who live here are dashed.
You should be grateful,
it's only the two of us in this cell.
In other cells,
there are at least four people,
or even ten or more people in one cell.
Here.
It's the only thing
that can keep us sane living here.
Feel free to read these books.
You can pick
which side you want to sleep on.
Move!
- Move aside!
- Move, you bastards!
Who's she?
Just hold your tongue.
Hey, why are you here?
Move, you bastards!
Move!
Are you new here?
What?
Can't you see what I'm doing?
Sorry.
Stop it!
She might die!
Hey!
Hey! Stop it!
What's going on here?
Prisoner 218!
You take her to the clinic!
And you, Adit,
keep an eye on them!
Can you get up? Come on, one, two, three.
Come on.
Wen, have you lost your mind?
Don't mess with Bella.
She took the most feared prisoner's life.
She almost took Suri's life.
All those wardens stood still.
But it's a prison.
What do you expect?
Wenny.
The strong finish off the weak here.
Don't mess with them.
Don't act tough.
Are you saying that I should've sat back
and watched her picking on someone?
Unless you want to die in vain.
Many have died in vain here.
What are you talking about?
Who died in vain?
You'll find out.
Help!
- Help!
- Yanti!
Who is that?
- Help!
- Let it be. Just go to sleep.
- It will fade away.
- Help!
Wenny.
Go to sleep.
You'll find out about it later.
Shit!
Yanti.
Hey!
Yanti!
Did you have a nightmare?
What is it? Tell me.
Yes, Ma'am.
I'll wait for you outside.
It's your first day here.
I'll let you know
the people you should watch out for.
Look.
See that warden?
Hands up!
He's Farhan.
He's like a dog
that is loyal to his master,
Mr. Herman.
Both of them are the same.
They are cruel.
So, you shouldn't deal with them.
There.
See those two wardens?
They are scumbag wardens.
And they're also gold diggers.
If you bribe them,
you'll be living here just fine.
See the other one over there.
The new warden.
He's Adit.
He's new here.
He hasn't messed around yet.
But who knows,
in one or two years,
he'll be like the other wardens.
They're hypocrites.
Prisoner 218.
Come with me to see the doctor.
Yeah…
The doctor…
I bet you'll like her.
How are you feeling?
How was your first day here?
What should I say?
What you feel.
And please fill this out.
Is it a psychological test?
I just want to get to know you.
BIODATA: DRUG SUSPECT
WENNY SEPTYANI
Wenny Bagaskara?
Please have the tea.
Sorry,
I can only serve a cup of tea.
Unlike others,
this prison is a different kettle of fish.
Well, that's the concept.
You can tell me about anything,
so that you can feel comfortable.
I heard strange sounds last night.
The same thing again.
The one from the isolation ward, right?
I actually don't believe
the rumors about the isolation ward.
About a ghost or something
in the isolation ward.
It doesn't make sense to me.
That place looks scary at night,
so it makes people think nonsense.
That's just my assumption.
You get me?
I get you.
Is it done, Doctor?
It is, Wenny.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
TO BE THE WINNER OF LIFE
- Wenny.
- Yanti.
What do you think of the doctor?
She's nice, isn't she?
Yes, she is.
She is the only one
who's in her right mind here.
She's like a mother
to all of the prisoners here.
So, if you feel like
pouring your heart out,
you can confide in her.
At least,
she can keep us sane living here.
What is the isolation ward?
It's the room near our cell.
Those sounds were coming
from there, right?
Yes.
It's a cursed room.
People go in there,
but few can get out of there.
That's why
all the prisoners here are scared.
Someone was sacrificed last night.
And someone died.
Prisoner 218.
Come with me.
- Where are we going?
- To the kitchen.
I need you to help in the kitchen.
Ms. Sekar is the senior prisoner
who prepares your meals.
According to the information,
she used to be close to Ratna.
I've been assigned here by Syaiman
for quite a long time.
Ratna became the umpteenth victim
of Ratu Adil Prison
under Herman's leadership
which I investigated.
There's something off there.
But I haven't found out what yet.
That's all I can tell you.
I'm sorry for your loss, Wenny.
Put me in that prison.
So that I'll be able to find out myself.
That's not something to joke about.
I need to find out about…
my sister's death there.
As a prosecutor…
you should be able
to put me in jail, right, Sir?
Unfortunately,
male wardens have little authority here.
I've been here for three months,
but I've got little information.
I heard strange sounds last night.
I've heard that too.
Of those that go in there,
only a few get back to their cells.
You should be careful.
I'll keep you safe.
Let's clean this.
Clean them up properly.
- Take them to the kitchen.
- Alright.
Ms. Sekar.
This is Wenny.
Henceforth, she will help you
in the kitchen.
- Sekar.
- Wenny.
Wenny, do you cook?
I do.
- Do you know how to cut potatoes?
- I do.
You help me in the kitchen.
Come.
Sir.
You help me with potatoes.
There should be enough for everyone.
Otherwise, we'll be scolded
by the wardens.
Move!
Add some more!
Every prisoner gets the same portion.
Here you go.
Don't look for trouble.
Everything we've prepared
might get wasted.
Go and have breakfast.
No vegetables, please.
Don't you like vegetables at all?
You know,
vegetables are good for your health.
You remind me of one of prisoners
who used to help me.
She didn't like vegetables, just like you.
Who was she?
It was Ratna.
She used to help me
in the kitchen every day.
She said that
she didn't like vegetables
since her sister also hated them, right?
Hey, help me.
So, you're Ratna's sister?
Do you have any idea
why my sister ended up dead here?
She fell into a trap.
That's what she told me.
I believed her.
She was a good person.
But unfortunately,
bad luck brought her here.
What did you see?
I need more information about it, Ma'am.
How did she end up dead here?
I promise I'll tell you about it.
But this isn't the right time.
There are too many of them
that might hear us.
Come and help me tomorrow morning.
What are you doing here?
Come on, get out!
You still have a lot to do!
Ma'am.
Tomorrow, okay?
Give it back!
- What's this?
- The bodyguard's here.
I'm scared.
I'm telling you both…
I'll finish you off one by one.
It would be better if you were with me.
Why would you be with her?
She's such a dumb-ass and useless.
What did you say? Dumb-ass?
- Bella!
- How long will you take?
- A lot of people want to take a shower!
- Don't intervene!
Hey, stop it!
Why are you making a fuss?
Disperse!
We'll see how long your guts last.
You little brat!
Thank you.
I'm just going to take a shower.
I'm Yeti. She's Jane.
- Wenny.
- We owe you.
Come here!
Sorry.
Where is Ms. Sekar, Ma'am?
I haven't seen her this morning.
- Thank you.
- Yes.
Have you seen Ms. Sekar?
- What?
- Ms. Sekar.
I haven't.
- Have you seen Ms. Sekar?
- I haven't.
Sir.
How is it going, Wen?
Have you got any updates
about your sister's death?
Ms. Sekar said
she would tell me about it this morning.
But she isn't in the dining room.
Where is she?
I'll help you look for her.
Yes, Sir.
You don't need to worry.
You can count on me.
Jane and I should be in the same cell,
no matter what.
Thank you.
Keep your word.
You've made a promise.
Pass it to me!
Get this!
We haven't seen Bella today, right?
She did nothing to you, did she?
How would she have the guts to?
We have her here.
Wen.
You should be careful though.
She is cunning.
You never know what she's up to.
Happy birthday!
I hope you like it.
Oh, come on.
Why did you get me this
as my birthday present?
- Is a journalist's salary that low?
- It's not like that.
But I think
your hair often covers your face.
So, I got you a hair clip.
I told you I wanted a new bag.
Wenny.
You go ahead.
Ms. Imah.
Where did you get that?
I'm just asking you
where you got this hair clip?
I won't take it away.
Ms. Imah has been keeping a secret…
About how she could escape
the isolation ward.
And no one knows
how she could escape from there.
Does anyone know
the reason she got thrown in jail?
For mutilation.
Any news?
They need fresh supplies.
- Any captives?
- Yes, there are.
Here, Sir.
They really think
they could buy this place
with this amount of money, huh?
When will the execution take place?
Immediately, Sir.
Okay. Do it seamlessly.
And increase the dose.
Will do, Sir.
I'll excuse myself.
Wenny.
- Sir.
- Ms. Sekar hasn't been found yet.
Be careful, okay?
The situation is getting messed up.
Okay.
Ms. Imah…
I just need to talk to you.
No, Ma'am. I just need to talk to you.
I'm Ratna's sister.
I gave that hair clip to her.
- This one?
- Yeah, that was from me.
Can I just talk to you?
It's about Ratna.
I can feel that
you must have loved her.
Right?
I just want to find out about…
how she ended up dying here.
I'll ask you about
what happened in the isolation ward.
I don't know who else to ask.
Anyway…
This is for you.
For me?
- Thank you.
- You can use it as an amulet.
Hey!
Why?
- It's okay, kid.
- No, Ma'am.
Stop it.
What are you trying to do?
Stop it!
What is wrong with you all?
Are you done?
Are you finished making trouble?
All of you.
Someone needs to be put
in the isolation ward.
Yes, Sir.
Take them.
Get up!
Come on, get up!
Come on!
Shut up!
It hurts!
Get inside!
You're a piece of shit!
Get inside, all of you, now!
Jane!
You broke your promise, bastard!
Get up, bitch!
Do you think you gave me enough money…
to buy a place?
You no longer have places here,
just so you know.
Now,
you've got a place in hell!
Get in!
Take that!
I think I need to have a break.
Maybe.
You look tired.
Some said you were the last person
Yeti and Jane were with.
Maybe.
Your heroic deed
triggered them to dare do something more.
What's wrong with that?
Maybe something.
Maybe not.
Can't you see what has been going on
in this prison?
Everyone bullies each other.
Sexual assault
and illegal transactions
are commonplace here.
All the prisoners are living in fear.
And everyone turns a blind eye to it.
One more thing.
Many people have
died unnatural deaths here.
And you're untroubled by that fact?
I just carry out my duties and orders
in accordance with
the Hippocratic oath I've taken.
What can I do?
I wanted to do what you want to do.
To turn this horrible place
into a good place to live.
But you know what?
It turns out that
the world isn't as good as we think.
Sorry, Ma'am.
You think what you've done is enough.
But for me, it's all just nonsense.
Nothing you've done has made a difference.
I'm done with my session.
Wenny.
You shouldn't look for trouble.
Yeti and Jane…
They're an example for you.
Why do people end up dead
every time they mess up with Bella?
There must be something wrong, right?
Something between her
and the isolation ward.
Do you have access to the isolation ward?
I have a limited access here.
That means
I have to find another way, right?
I have a task for you.
Our deal is over.
I've done everything you asked for.
Do you think you can get smart with me?
Alright.
I'm sorry, Sir.
Do your job.
And your child will be safe.
I will do anything,
as long as my child is safe.
Good.
We have understood each other.
I can guarantee
your child's safety.
Come on!
Shit!
Fuck!
BIODATA: DRUG SUSPECT
WENNY SEPTYANI
That's a crazy idea.
Syaiman wouldn't approve it.
I don't need his approval.
Do you have any better ideas?
You might die there.
I'm not afraid of death.
This is your sister's autopsy report.
We're sure there was something else
that made your sister
and the other victims die there.
But these people are too powerful.
I couldn't do anything.
The victim's deaths
have one thing in common.
All the autopsies
were performed in private.
And they concluded that
the cause of all those deaths was suicide.
Who knows who the next victim will be?
I don't want to die in vain
without doing anything.
I need to get into the isolation ward.
Wenny!
What are you doing?
What are you doing, Wen?
Wenny!
Get in there!
You social outcast!
I often tell you
that I have my own rules.
There are rules that you need to obey.
And you broke them.
Ratna?
Yeah.
Ratna.
Wenny?
This is the first time
I've seen someone
that can handle that much LSD.
You're really strong.
What do you mean?
Like two flies get stuck in the same hole.
You and your sister, Ratna.
Both of you are idiots!
You will both be stuck
and die in the same place.
You took Ratna's life?
I did.
Something like that.
No one should know
our secrets.
We need to mutilate her.
Jane and Yeti…
They had young blood.
A lot of people order
fresh organs,
like healthy hearts,
healthy kidneys,
since they need them.
We can't turn down those offers.
And we had to sacrifice them.
Sekar…
A poor old lady.
Had she kept her lips sealed,
she would be still breathing.
But it wasn't personal.
It's just business.
Someone will pay a lot for a kidney.
And thanks to your sister
I've gone from rags to riches.
You bitch!
Chill, Wenny.
You were both just unlucky
to end up here and meet us.
Please don't hold a grudge against me.
I'm sorry.
I assure you
this won't hurt.
Send my regards
to your beloved sister, Ratna.
For Ratna.
We need to send these organs tonight
while they're still fresh.
Help!
This is for our last job.
And for our success.
Bottoms up!
- We're reporting, Sir!
- What happened?
It's Wenny.
- Why?
- She escaped.
She also killed Yanti.
Farhan, you need to find and catch her.
- Wardens!
- Yes, Sir.
Wenny escaped the isolation ward.
I need all of you to find her!
- No one can go home! Got it?
- Yes, Sir.
Hurry up, now!
Damn it!
Get back in!
Get back!
Hey!
Where are you going, babe?
What the heck!
Come!
You bitch!
Fuck!
How dare you hit me, you bitch!
Where are you going, sweetheart?
Stop running away.
You'll get tired.
Bastard!
Fuck you!
I told you…
Fuck!
Wenny.
It's me, Adit.
Are you okay?
Ms. Imah.
Ma'am.
Listen to me, Wen.
Wenny.
We need to report to Syaiman.
- He's the only one who can help us.
- How?
There are only two telephones
in this prison.
One is in Herman's office.
And the other one
is in Ms. Rusdiyah's office.
Herman is the mastermind.
They sold the organs
of all the dead prisoners,
including Ratna's.
They faked all the deaths.
Fuck!
We have to go to Ms. Rusdiyah's office.
It's the closest to here.
We're almost there. Come on, Wen.
Run, Wenny!
You traitor!
Hey!
Get out, hurry up!
Let's go!
Get up!
- Come on.
- Let's go.
Hey!
Stop.
Get him!
Wenny.
What happened?
Why did you lock it?
What happened to you?
Ma'am, you need to know everything.
What's wrong?
Yanti injected the prisoners
in the isolation ward.
Herman is the mastermind.
We need to report them.
They've been selling…
They've been selling
the organs of the prisoners.
Calm down.
Tell me slowly.
Aren't you supposed to be
in the isolation ward?
You don't understand.
They tried to kill me!
We need to make a call.
We have to.
It's right there.
- I need to call…
- Alright.
I'll get you some water.
Wenny.
Have some water.
Slowly.
Sir.
- Ma'am.
- Wen?
Wenny!
Wen?
Wenny! Wen?
Ma'am.
Ma'am…
Run for your life.
He's the bad guy.
He's so evil. Run, hurry.
You're awake?
You need to relax.
Relax.
Everything has turned into a mess
because of you!
No, I'm also responsible for this.
It's because of my idiot husband
and his idiot subordinates!
And it's because of you,
I have to take matters into my own hands.
I'm sorry, Wenny.
I'm not as good as you thought.
I disappointed you, right?
You're behind all of this?
You're smart.
All for money?
Why not?
This is the ideal place to do such things.
They're sisters.
And I'm sure Wenny's here
to find out about her Ratna's death.
You know who the next victim should be.
Relax.
You will be…
the best closure.
Chill.
This won't hurt.
Just a little bit.
Relax.
What's with the lights?
Have a look.
Are you okay?
No!
No…
Don't move!
A FEW MONTHS LATER
You can rest in peace now.
I heard that the isolation ward
has truly been sealed now.
That's good.
There won't be any more victims.
- What about Ms. Rusdiyah?
- At the mental asylum.
She still needs to be held responsible
for what she has done.
What are you doing here?
Sweetheart.
Mom!
Thank you.
Yes.
What are you planning to do after this?
To return to work.
And…
I'll write a book
about the story of that prison.
So that everyone can learn about it.
You'll be the first person I tell
once the book is finished.
It's all over now.
Herman and Rusdiyah have been
gotten rid of.
We've got this prison back.
We can re-open the isolation ward.
RATU ADIL PRISON
Yes.
Oh, you're a student?